Added workflows to trigger table reconciliations (#1721)
databrickslabs/ucx: README.md

  - Migrate tables using CTAS 
  - Experimentally migrate Delta and Parquet data found in dbfs mount but not registered as Hive Metastore table into UC tables.

### Post Migration Validation Task

> UCX also provides `migrate-recon` workflow to validate the integrity of the migrated tables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UCX also provides `migrate-data-reconciliation` workflow to validate the integrity of the migrated tables:
```
should we be more explicit about customer-facing interfaces?

> - Comparing the schema of the source and target tables. 
> - Comparing the row counts of the source and target tables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Compare the schema of the source and target tables. 
- Compare the row counts of the source and target tables.
```

Consistent list are easier to read

- Compare the content of individual row between source and target tables to identify any discrepancies.

> Once completed, the output will be stored in `$inventory_database.recon_result` Delta table.

Reviewer: where's the issue for the dashboard to display these results?

> Once completed, the output will be stored in `$inventory_database.recon_result` Delta table.

Reviewer: can you attach the screenshot with the sample result and short explanation on how to interpret it?..
